Align allowed aggregations (#3866)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/measures.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| [`name`](#name) | Provide a name for the measure, which must be unique and can't be repeated across all semantic models in your dbt project. | Required |
| [`description`](#description) | Describes the calculated measure. | Optional |

> | [`agg`](#aggregation) | dbt supports the following aggregations: `sum`, `min`, `max`, `average`, `sum_boolean`, `count_distinct`, `median`, and `percentile`. | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`agg`](#aggregation) | dbt supports aggregations such as `sum`, `min`, `max`, and more. Refer to [Aggregation](/docs/build/measures#aggregation) for the full list of supported aggregation types. | Required |
```

Reviewer: good catch again @b-per and i've simplified it so it directs the user to the dedicated section for more info on support agg types. thank you for opening this up!
